Add troubleshooting information for common Python issues (#19691)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_injection_local.md

- **Solution**: Add the `-musl` suffix to the dotnet library version.

#### Python installation issues

##### Incompatible Python version

> The library injection mechanism for Python only supports injecting the Python library in Python versions 3.7 and above.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library injection mechanism for Python only supports injecting the Python library in Python v3.7+.
```

##### `user-installed ddtrace found, aborting`

- **Problem**: The `ddtrace` library is already installed on the system so the injection logic aborts injecting the library to avoid introducing a breaking change in the application.

> - **Solution**: Remove the installation of `ddtrace` if library injection is desired. Else, use the installed library instead of library injection.

Reviewer 2: It would be good to direct readers to https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/python/ in this scenario.

Author: great idea, I'll add a link

> - **Solution**: Remove the installation of `ddtrace` if library injection is desired. Else, use the installed library ([documentation here][26]) instead of library injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Solution**: Remove the installation of `ddtrace` if library injection is desired. Otherwise, use the installed library ([see documentation][26]) instead of library injection.
```
